Add app model and extensions docs (#80)
net-daemon/docs: docs/app_model/instancing_apps.md

---
id: app_model_instancing
title: Instance applications
---
Instancing applications can be done in several ways. Here is the supported ones by NetDaemon.

### Instancing an application using attribute
Instance any class with the simple attribute like below.
```csharp
[NetDaemonApp]
public class MyApp
{

}
```

> If you need to some initialization to be called after all apps are instanced use the `IInitializable` interface.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
If you need to some initialization to be called after the properties are initiaized from the yaml configuration use the `IInitializable` interface.

```

Reviewer: The contrustors are run in order of the dependencies so that should not be a problem
